what's going on guys craw who here and I
have another end of team deathmatch for
you guys this time on downpour of course
playing call of duty for using the W
1200 shotgun with grip stopping power
and extreme conditioning I didn't mean
to I just have my alternative class
setup with stopping power I just forgot
to switch it I usually roll with
juggernaut or UAV jammer in my shotgun
class because you don't really need
stopping power and if you hear any
stupid voices in the background there's
just some people outside some little
kids or whatever or if you hear a
buzzing that's my fuckin AC because it's
hot as hell in New York another for
those people that live in New York we
have another heat wave coming so nothing
worse than humidity but I know some
people in this game might seem you know
like low ranks but you have to keep in
mind that a lot of people make no
account for Call of Duty 4 you know to
kind of get their eye on Kady up or get
their beasty montage clips and a lot of
people do it so it's not always that all
I'm playing against a low rank and you
know they're bad or whatever you know I
just enter a game you know any game and
of course I'm gonna try to record and do
my best and every single one it's not
saying that it's easy since the shotguns
are kind of broken in this one but it
was a pretty awesome streak I got here I
will get here in this game you just have
to wait and see and please don't forget
to rate this video guys I would
appreciate that very much
because that's all I ask for in return
for making these videos for you guys
giving you tips and stuff so a little
like either now or at the end you know
doesn't hurt anybody and I would be I
would appreciate that very much
so yeah w 1200 is kind of the spas-12 of
Call of Duty 4 except it has 10 times
less of a range as I get on the 10 kill
streak here but you can use it to some
advantage you can use extreme
conditioning with this kit with this
setup actually with a rush or setup and
I just went around and completely
outflanked everybody I mean I was either
shooting them in the back or whatever
but I was always somewhere you know next
to them or behind them because that's
what you want to do with shotguns and
downpour is one of my favorite favorite
Maps I don't know why people dislike it
I really enjoy playing
it's not big it's not you know small
like I don't know shipment or something
just perfect and I had to play against
people using you know juggernaut and
last stand so that made it worse but I
keep forgetting that zooming in on the
shotgun looking down the side actually
makes things worse because it makes this
spread so I heard wider so it's actually
actually worse for you if you aim down
side and that difference being and one
more for to when you end up aim down the
side it's actually better for your put
your shotgun blast so you will kill but
not in this one not in this one I think
it reduces the range and actually
spreads makes the spread wider I'm not
sure but I pick up a minions you would
read that over here because I ran out of
my mo on my W 1200 and I think I'm
already out of 20 kill streak I have a
chap already
I was waiting to die to call it in but I
think I will call it in because I I hope
that would go flawless but you know how
that goes in team deathmatch is yeah I
called him right here I wanted to I
guess go flawless or something
thankfully I don't die in an Uzi and
this one has a hell of a kick it's not
as recoil less than it is in modern
warfare 2 actually this is the most
underused SMG in covert before I would I
would think why next to the scorpion
because the menu Z is powerful it's
right up there with the fire rate of the
p90 and the power of the mp5 I think or
the same for you but it's just it just
kicks too much and but hell you can get
a lot of head shots like that you know
if you if you spray you know people you
can get easy headshots because that
shit's just going up and you can get you
can get I think I said head chef like 5
times already but yeah you you you catch
the idea
unfortunately I die here and I don't
know 25 ghosts Rick I think the guy was
in last and I had to finish him off but
my choppers don't work and I got that
plus 20 and if anybody's wondering why
it's double xp because on PlayStation 3
the system I play on its always double
xp now for us so that's why this footage
is not old it's recorded like I don't
know
minutes ago I just want to do a quick
commentary and post it up because I'm
really excited about this game and no
matter if the people are you know good
bad or whatever it's pretty hard to stay
to stay alive if you have a random team
I know here's a fail you know here here
I don't know I don't know what the hell
happened there but he dies from a strike
and I'm spared I guess but like I was
saying I'm not playing with the best of
people - there were pretty low ranks and
you know there weren't level 70 they
weren't
I mean 55 and this one they weren't
level 55 you know 10th prestige and all
that stuff they were you know 48
30-something so but you know I don't
pick the people I play with also you
know I don't pick the people I play
against so I just tried it a good every
game and hopefully you record gameplays
for you guys I got lucky over here
because that guy almost almost killed me
there's a lot of a lot of snipers and
Cove 34 that's not bad I don't mind I
snipe a lot myself and I think I have a
montage coming out pretty soon because I
got a lot of clips from clove 34 but
that's you know I will release a teaser
trailer or whatever when I will decide
to do actually get good work started on
it you know I got my airstrike right
here and I'm sorry if the audio lags of
it I'm trying to get my Sony Vegas under
control because I know I say that it
lags like I'm sorry will lag or
something but that's because I'm saying
like it's out of sync and it kind of
freaks me out so yeah but I go on oh no
a nice little strict streak here over
here strick
I can't I can't speak English when I'm
doing commentary I swear to God
but somehow you guys understand me so
just blasting people away with the W 20
which is an awesome shotgun I hope you
guys will give it a shot after this and
if you haven't gotten your hands on coal
before i really suggest you pick that
game up it's it's pretty cheap now you
can buy it in your local gamestop or
whatever you know online for you even
cheaper like ten bucks it's it's a
really awesome experience there's a lot
of people playing it you always find a
game no problem
the lobby you know Team Deathmatch
certain search-and-destroy domination
everything is there available for you
guys so so don't give up on this game
it's still an awesome game and it's I
will like it so over here I thought that
there spawns would switch to the other
side of map but I'm wrong
actually there's one guy over there but
I don't think I take him out actually I
know I don't take him out yeah and the
game ends right here final score is 39
and two I hope you guys enjoyed this
video please don't forget to subscribe
rate and comment and I will see you guys
next time in another video peace